objectives: 

Over how many years of experience in Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications and good experience on Core Java, OOPS concepts.
·       Extensive working experience on all phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), its methodologies such as Agile, SCRUM and Waterfall Model.
·       Proficient in the field of Information Technology, with specializing in Software Quality Assurance Testing, proficient in testing on Client/Server and Web based applications.
·       Proficient in using test automation tools such as Selenium WebDriver/RC/IDE/Grid, Quality Center to develop automation testing scripts for web and client server applications.
.       Sound knowledge on Junit, TestNG framework for Unit testing, Maven and Ant for Project building tool, Jenkins/Hudson for Continuous Integration.
.	Sound knowledge on Junit, TestNG framework for Unit testing, Maven and Ant for Project building tool, Jenkins/Hudson for Continuous Integration.
·       Extensive experience in reviewing and analyzing Business Requirements and creating Test Plans, Test Cases, Test Scripts, Test Estimation & Requirement Traceability Matrix.
·       Professional expertise in Smoke Testing, Backed end Testing, Black-Box Testing, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Functional Testing, Positive/ Negative Testing, System Testing, Regression Testing, GUI Software Testing, Ad-hoc Testing, Cross Browser/ Cross Platform Testing, UI Validation, WebServices, Boundary Value Testing.
·       Sound knowledge on Object Oriented Programming (OOP) concept. Extensively used Java and Ruby for test case automation. Experience in implementing TDD and BDD.
·       Well versed in different management scenarios like Change Control, Quality Assurance, Defect Tracking, System Integration, and Task Scheduling.
·       Expert using open source bug tracking tool JIRA, Quality Center, BugZilla & IBM Rational Team Concert (RTC).
·       Excellent experience in troubleshooting software applications for business functions in major areas of the business and enterprise-wide.
·       Ability to adapt to new environment quickly, strong team player, good communication, good analytical and computation skills, enthusiastic learner, confident, sincere and committed.
·       Outstanding communicator with extensive experience in customer service as well as ability to identify, develop and enhance client relationships
• 5+ Years of industry experience in the area of Software Testing (Manual and Automation) with a solid understanding of Test Planning, Test Design, Test Execution and Defect Reporting & Tracking.

• Expertise in Understanding and Analyzing Test Requirements, Tracking changes and maintenance of Test Requirements.

• Well acquainted with all phases of SDLC and STLC.

• Proficient in Test Automation using UFT (Formerly QTP) and Selenium Tools.

• Strong Experience in Automating Web Application Testing using Selenium WebDriver with TestNG framework.

• Strong Experience in Java Programming, Selenium WebDriver, JUnit and TestNG.
• Well versed with Handling Elements in Selenium WebDriver.

• Writing Test cases using Element locators, WebDriver methods, Java programming features and TestNG Annotations.

• Executing Selenium Test Cases and Reporting defects.

• Experience in Data driven Testing, Cross browser testing and Parallel Test execution using Selenium WebDriver, TestNG and selenium Grid.

• Expertise in implementation of Automation framework using Selenium.

• Strong Experience in ERP, Banking, Financial and Ecommerce Domains.

• Involvement in Test Estimations and Test strategy implementation.

• Proficient in devising all the artifacts of testing such as Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Defect Reports and Test Summary Report

• Self-motivated, energetic and highly ethical in all work related assignments thus able to immediately contribute to corporate goals and objects

• Good written, communication, interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical mind bent to problem solving and delivering solutions.

Developed the Automation Test Scripts in Selenium WebDriver using Java based on the design pattern
Page Object Model for reusability.
? Prepared Test Cases using Data Driven, Hybrid, Modular, and Keyword Driven Framework in
WebDriver.
? Prepared XML and Excel files for collection of data and Element Locators using object repository,
used this in test suite with the help of APACHE POI library files.
? Created Maven Project using Maven build automation tool to create dependencies like wars, jars.
Usage of plugins for invoking XML files.
? Triggered POM.XML files using Jenkins, Continuous Integration Tool to generate reports and to trigger
periodically.
? Used GitHub, source code management tool for code re-usage, high portability extending scope of
Automation Testing
Reviewing the Test Reports using TestNG framework.
? Project is under Agile environment, I attended daily standup meetings, provided daily status on manual
and automation test results. Attended sprint plan meetings to review the user stories and story points.
? Responsible for developing and executing of manual test plan and test cases for Web Services SOAP
and REST API testing.

? Worked with programmers to test the daily builds and reported bugs.
? Collaborated with development on test automation efforts to ensure that development supports the
testing solutions.
? Performed functional, compatibility testing on different browsers like IE, Firefox & Chrome.
? Performed automation testing using Maven, GIT Hub and Jenkins.
? Worked with Developers and Quality Assurance associates to identify and implement test suites/test
cases for diverse projects.

? Prepared and executed Test Cases as per System Requirements and User Stories.
Worked with Team members to develop TEST Plan document.
? Prepared and execution of test suite using Selenium.
? Participated in identifying the Test scenarios and designing the Test cases.
? Performed manual testing on some required modules.
? Performed various black box testing Methodologies like functional testing and Regression Testing.
? Defect Tracking and Reporting, logged defects using JIRA tool and reported it to the developer.
? Developed and executed Test cases, Tracked the status of project using HP Quality Center Test
management tool.
Attended daily standup meetings, provided daily status on manual and automation test results.
? Designed and Developed the Automation Test Scripts using Selenium WebDriver using Java.
? Reviewed the Test Reports using TestNG.
? Performed Functional Testing, Data Driven Testing, and Cross Browser Compatibility Testing on
different browsers like IE, Firefox & Chrome.
? Developed Test cases using Element Locators and Selenium WebDriver methods.
? Enhanced Test cases using Java Programming features and TestNG Annotations.
? Execution of Selenium test suite and developed reports and reported defects.
? Involved in Retesting and Regression Testing using Selenium WebDriver.

? Performed various black box testing methodologies like functional testing manual testing, Regression
Testing, Smoke Testing, UAT.
? Prioritized the defects and the severity levels using Quality Center and discussed with the developers to
resolve the issues.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES IN PROJECT:

.	Gathered requirements documents such as business requirements and design document and other related documents.
·       Reviewed the Test Basis, designed and documented Test Strategies, Test Plan, Test Cases and executed test cases.
·       Responsible for writing and maintain Selenium WebDriver scripts for regression and functional testing using data driven framework.
·       Developed test code in Java language using Eclipse, IDE and TestNG framework.
·       Setup the Automation framework using Selenium to run test cases in multiple browsers and platforms
·       Responsible for identifying test cases for manual and Automation with Selenium WebDriver for Smoke Test, Functional and Regression Tests.
·       Involved in design and implementation of Selenium WebDriver automation framework for smoke and regression test suites (TestNG and Maven).
·       Involved in testing the application utilizing the Scrum (Agile) methodology.
·       Involved on Cucumber testing and defined the test scenarios and created the test cases in Test Manager.
·       Involved in designing of automation framework to be used in UI testing with Selenium.
·       Execute browser compatibility and regression tests using Selenium WebDriver for testing UI for every new build release.
·       Used the Firebug to inspect the XPath of the web elements and Eclipse IDE for Java development.
·       Identified, Reported and Tracked Defects using Quality Center test management tool.
·       Manually tested, verified and validated that the product meets user requirements.
·       Reviewed database test cases according to assigned Requirements to validate reports by retrieving data with complex SQL queries from oracle database.
·       Performed End-to-End testing of database to check data integrity using SQL queries.
·       Assisted QA lead in documenting User Acceptance Test report and reporting defect resolution.
Environment: Selenium WebDriver, Java, Python, TestNG, Angular JS, Protractor, LoadRunner, Jenkins, Cucumber, Agile, SQL, Maven, Appium, DHTML, SOAP UI, XPath, Firebug, Eclipse, Quality Center HTML, GitHub, Windows 7.


·       Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
·       Involved in the Continuous Integration of the automation framework with Jenkins.
·       Integrated the test suites to Jenkins to execute them automatically after every successful deployment.
·       Worked on Data Driven Framework and MVC for Automation test scripts.
·       Implemented Selenium GRID for compatibility testing.

·       Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
·       Used Git as code repository and Code Collaborator to manage code reviews.
·       Designed data-driven testing framework in Selenium and captured data dynamically from web controls.
·       Created manual test cases, reviewed with different stakeholders to validate the functionality.

·       Attend the BRI (Business Requirement Identification) meeting to understand the business Requirements.
·       Edit and debug tests using Selenium Participated in meeting, teleconferences walk through with the development team, QA manager and Project manager (PM).
·       Coordinated with technical support associates to fix proprietary software issues
·       Verified, edited and update test data in new or existing systems before testing.


Banking application:

·       Involved in developing test plan, test strategies, test scenarios, test scripts and test steps based on Business and System Use Cases.
·       Actively participated in scrum meetings and reviews.
·       Performed Functional tests using Selenium WebDriver with data driven framework.
·       Executed Selenium tests for automation testing of the web application using Selenium Web Driver.
·       Followed Test Driven Development (TDD) as much as possible and written test cases using TestNG for every relevant class.
·       Wrote highly efficient and maintainable Java code to develop Page Objects using the Selenium Framework.
·       Created test cases, test plans, tested API’s, wrote TestNG test cases, executed code coverage, wrote automation scripts using Selenium, executed database queries for testing purposes and led different projects in the shipping and checkout domain.
·       Performed Data driven testing using Selenium WebDriver and TestNG functions which reads data from property and XML files.
·       Used Maven to build and run the Selenium automation framework. Once the script got over, framework used to send the automation reports over email.
·       Developed Maven Build scripts to run Sanity Test scripts developed in Selenium WebDriver.
·       Used Maven for building the WebDriver project. Integrated with Continuous Integration tools Jenkins for running test on nightly basis automatically.
·       Used XPath and DOM to work with dynamic and static objects in Selenium.
·       Performed Smoke, Functional, Regression and Integration testing.
·       Identified and reported bugs using defect tracking tool HP Quality Center and presented bug reports for weekly status updates.
·       Performed data accuracy, data validation and data integrity testing by querying the database using SQL queries to check the data table on server.
·       Conducted backend testing using SQL queries to validate data for database.
·       Participated in Stand-up meeting, walkthrough meeting, weekly automation meeting with all other QA, weekly assessment meetings with business analysts and developers.
Environment: Java, Selenium WebDriver, Eclipse, TestNG, Maven, Jenkins, Cucumber, Page Object Model (POM),, DataDriven Framework, Quality Center, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SOAP UI, Web Service, XPATH, WSDL, XML, Oracle, SQL, Linux, Windows.







